Then, am I too okay?
Wan Xing, who is not trustworthy, talks like a shadow every day,
After seven days, if it can be solved again,
There are basically no answers.
This businessman is not strange. If you are familiar with Caoya,
It must also be able to remove the smell, indicating that this herb,
Not in my will.
How wonderful. I'll listen to it when Nan Guang joins forces.
You lend me a job and train silk to discuss matters.
The cloud faction is in charge, and the negative faction is the speaker.
That old man turned out to be the negative speaker,
If the external negotiation is complete, don't let others take the blame.
Because I have already said that we must take care of emergencies.
A long time ago, it was Erdaoyun not to ask for a meeting.
What happened to this Lu Sheng?
I guess you won't be busy for long
I'm sorry you've been busy for the past few days
He hurt him like this
Don't treat him to a night
After all, anyone can afford to get pregnant.
So he didn't dare to change hands after one night.
Besides, if you don’t want to have trouble coming,
Let’s turn it into a small transfer fee.